i'm stella maeve
I am playing Kim she's an architect you
know I think you're getting me confused
with probably one of the other actresses
on the show I've never played anyone
named Julia she guest star I'm summer
Vishal I'm playing the role of Janet
they keep calling her High King because
she is kind of fashion royalty I'm
having trouble but how I'm gonna sell
the eyepatch the writers told me that
she has some sort of like pre-existing
eye condition I'm Jay Taylor and I play
Sam Cunningham this type of badass
that's wrong doesn't take any from
anyone it's really different I get to
even punch people
I am Trevor I'm Jason I play Isaac uber
driver on Mackay khun's I play Brian
McKeon he's a professor oh the show's
called The Magicians
I'm Brian magician if something feels
very different this season on set will
you play with me with Hale it's like the
characters inside him play with me I
don't know if he's in character or if
he's crazy
it could be way more worried than they
are everyone seems normal to me I mean
don't listen to Olivia
I think she's been left in her trailer
to go
my name is Arjun Gupta I play a DJ
called Hansel who called magicians so
I'm curious when this magic comes along
what show does everyone think we're on
man the only one that knows this is the
magician I don't know why they call it
the the magicians it's a show on sci-fi
but it seems to be about random doing
random jobs is how I've described it I
don't see why those problems should be
called like the civilians I don't know
what it has to do with like anything
Hale is taking this so seriously I learn
a lot favorite meat from watching his
craft it's just sort of a two-person
game hey you go give a shot yeah yo grab
coffee let's do it yeah
I'm unclear on the choice he's making
please watch season 4 of the magician so
you guys can explain to us well what the
hell is going on
[Music]
you